I've got some news.
How do you feel about moving to the South Congregation?
Why the South Congregation?
We're not even in their territory.
It's twice as far and feels like the wrong time with everything happening in the Congregation.
But they need help.
So, brother Maseko asked.
Just asked if we'd be willing.
I'm tired.
We can talk about it tomorrow and you.
No. I mean, I'm tired of everything.
Starting over, making changes, this whole system.
We've always been happy to do what Jehovah has asked.
But I never thought this system would drag on for so long.
I don't think either of us.
Ever imagined would be where we are now.
I know we've made the right decisions.
But with our money so tight.
And then, tonight, holding to Lani,
it's just strange to think that if...
if things had been different,
they'd probably have a family now.
Tavo.
James.
What's the news, my friend?
You're getting an early start tonight?
Well, after this, I've got another job.
Good thing I'm only 25.
So, I hear you and Linda are moving to the South Congregation.
We need you there.
Yes, we're...
Well, we're talking about it.
You and Linda are always eager to help.
We try our best.
But this move...
I don't think we can do it.
Are you okay?
Maybe we're just running out of steam.
Well, you both work very hard.
So do you.
What are you doing Saturday?
Could you come over for some dinner?
I understand.
I never dream that I'll be this age in this system
and now look at these wrinkles.
I don't see any wrinkles.
You haven't slowed down a bit.
I have my hard days.
But I've learned a long time ago
that focusing on when the end will come,
it's just not good.
That's what happened to Dorothy, you know?
We started pioneering right after we got married.
We were excited.
We thought that the end was really close.
But things just kept going.
Years went by.
And Dorothy changed.
She was angry that Armageddon hadn't come.
She started doubting it ever would.
In the end, she left Jehovah.
That had to be devastating.
It was the hardest time of my life.
And it's true that 2 Peter 3 verse 12
tells us to await and keep close in mind
the presence of the day of Jehovah.
But we have to be careful not to wait in frustration.
I remember how in Jesus' day,
many of his disciples stopped following him
because his words didn't meet their expectations.
But what did Peter say?
Lord, who shall we go away to?
For you have sayings of everlasting life.
The truth is the truth,
even if it doesn't unfold how or when you expect.
We have to be focused on giving our all today
and keeping ourselves in Jehovah's love.